“ While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States , the peaceful transition of power is not , ” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday .
For those who follow social media transitions on Capitol Hill , this will be a little different .
But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration , the GOP nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “ tremendous numbers ” of legal immigrants based on a “ merit system . ”
“ So I hate to put a little pressure on you , but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders , ” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina .
The new spending is fueled by Clinton ’s large bank account .
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .
$ 5,000 per person , the maximum allowed .
In early October , the transition team used the same venue to meet with technology lobbyists , inviting representatives from Uber , the Motion Picture Association of America , the Consumer Technology Association and other groups .
The gathering was originally slated for Washington ’s private Metropolitan Club on H Street a few blocks away .
Maybe the dress code was too stuffy .
Rather than teaching the scientific method as a separate unit , for example , students learn science content by applying it .
They are at the national average in grade 4 and better than national average in grade 8 .
By comparison , it cost $ 103.7 million to build the NoMa infill Metro station , which opened in 2004 .
“ We face a lot of competition , and we think transit can help , ” said Joe Sternlieb , president of the Georgetown BID .
The feasibility study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the Potomac River on the gondola .
A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April .
There are parallels to draw here between games and our everyday lives .
That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996 , according to the Census Bureau -- and seems likely to jump again this year .
Today , Khanzir may be a lonely pig , but he is n’t always alone .
“ We ’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals , including a pig , ” Saqib said .
There was a time , Mr Panvalkar said , when he felt that they should leave the building .
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two - year - old daughter .
She killed Andre Price III by pressing his face into an air mattress in her sitting room before trying to do the same to her daughter , Angel , police said .
" I 'm going to jail either way , hope it was worth it . "
First one of the Yazidi women started started crying , then one of her friends .
Mr Osborne signed up with a US speakers agency after being sacked in July .
Michael Fallon said the date for cutting the first steel would help secure new investment and safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035 .
The promise of new Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the Scottish independence referendum in 2014 .
It 's most obvious when a celebrity 's name is initially quite rare .
And by 2007 , at the height of its popularity ( and , perhaps , Knightley 's ) it was a top 50 name , with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera .
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame , and switched its own component for a third - party power cell .
Several analysts have suggested Huawei is best placed to benefit from Samsung 's setback .
The Mate 9 phones lack an artificial intelligence interface , like the Google Assistant or Apple 's Siri .
But one travel expert warned in - flight internet was often unreliable and was unlikely to influence travellers ' airline choices .
" But it may be that BA and IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable . "
The company told the BBC it would be the responsibility of each airline brand to decide whether to charge passengers an access fee .
" Most people would find airport wi-fi more useful than being able to send emails on a plane . "
It 's like a super power sometimes .
The scheme makes money through sponsorship and advertising .
The 10 - week course has been " certified " by UK spy agency GCHQ .
But some security experts raised questions about the need for the course and the intent behind it .
Previously the jets had only been seen by bloggers .
Naturally China will be presenting plenty of other military hardware this week from attack helicopters to seaplanes .
And with China set to become the world 's biggest aviation market in the next decade , the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence .
" Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many , " wrote Jesse LaBrocca , founder of Hack Forums , in a message explaining why the section was being closed .
The " recent events " are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit , Twitter and Spotify as well as many others .
Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to cause the disruption .
A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C .
Many scientists say that technology to remove carbon from the air will now be needed to meet the Paris targets .
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .
Investments in this area were up by 6 % in 2015 to $ 221bn .
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .
It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June .
This will put new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion .
A telltale of this meteoritic material will likely be high levels of the element iridium .
Just over 70 % of the plants grown from Earth seeds were alive after 17 days - just slightly more than the plants grown from space seeds - just over 66 % .
The results from this experiment provides further support that rocket seeds can be flown and stored on the International Space Station for six months without having any significant impacts on their ability to germinate and grow on Earth .
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in the experiment .
" There is still a ' yuk ' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other people 's body parts , " she says .
In China the hair is typically put in a chemical bath to remove the cuticle completely , Tarlo explains .
Throughout history , the international hair market has always had a political dimension , says Tarlo .
" Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam , " the post reads .
Shenzhen 's traffic police have opted for unconventional penalties before .
Who are they ?
Much of the debate , from the Democratic side this year , has been about white male identity .
I asked her afterwards if she understood why people might vote for Trump .
Not everyone can rise above it .
" Luckily , someone in Sony Australia was like , ' Hey , by the way , did you guys notice this ? ' " says Pall .
Seagal made headlines when he described Russia 's actions in Crimea , which it annexed in 2014 , as " very reasonable " .
A keen guitarist , he played a concert there the same year .
Seagal , whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia 's far east , has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September .
Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital Belgrade .
A police spokesman told the Associated Press there was " an exchange of words " followed by an " altercation " but that no injuries had been reported .
Cuaron , whose last film was the Oscar - winning Gravity , was reportedly not on set at the time of the incident .
According to the city 's police department , a fight broke out after " a large group of people ... who identified themselves as district authorities " arrived on set on Tuesday .
Researchers have been investigating potential for male hormonal contraceptives for around 20 years .
He added : " This has been one step in a long journey of finding the right combination for male hormonal contraception . "
However there are many MLAs with deeply - held religious beliefs who oppose any new legislation .
Researchers say analysing tumour DNA may help explain the underlying causes of other cancers .
The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA .
However , they could not find this same pattern in tissues such as the bladder , which are not directly exposed .
Ms Pugh has received treatment at Papworth and Addenbrooke 's Hospitals in Cambridgeshire .
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .
" If Donald Trump becomes president , the government here will still have to work with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is , to ensure that Canadian businesses and interests are represented in Washington . "
Trudeau will extend that invitation to the 45th president of the United States , whoever he or she may be .
Despite the release of a photo this morning , police in B.C. say they have more questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school .
Police in B.C. said earlier Klein did not appear to have a criminal history and released vague details about his recent whereabouts .
" We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school , or to the two girls , or specifically to the Abbotsford area , " she said .
He also said Klein was uncommunicative , uncooperative and unwilling to walk up from cells under the courthouse to attend his hearing .
The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in unethical behaviour .
He 'd also like to see greater enforcement and investigative powers for the Real Estate Council of Ontario ( RECO ) , which regulates agents in the province .
Currently , the maximum fine RECO can levy against an agent is $ 25,000 .
But China 's growing middle class has been unusually vocal in its complaints about toxic air in cities like Beijing , which can see day after day of lung - choking smog .
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .
He could also wait until the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out of the pact .
Clinton and allies , meanwhile , are seeking to keep the spotlight on Trump , charging that his disparaging comments about women and minorities , and his temperament make him unfit for office .
That 's not what we need in our country , folks .
Trump 's wife , Melania Trump , made her first appearance on the trail since the Republican convention in July .
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened , but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends .
" This is a disaster for pain patients , " Mailis said in an interview Thursday with CBC News .